Install Quarto from the Posit Open apt repo via quarto.install() (#479)
posit-dev/images-shared: posit-bakery/docs/templating.qmd

```

#### Install Quarto

> Returns the command to install a Quarto version from the [Posit Open apt repository](https://dl.posit.co/public/open/). Requires `curl` to be installed prior to execution so the repository can be added via `setup.deb.sh`.

Reviewer: Since either dnf or apt can get used here.
```suggestion
Returns the command to install a Quarto version from the [Posit Open apt repository](https://dl.posit.co/public/open/). Requires `curl` to be installed prior to execution so the repository can be added via the appropriate setup script.
```
